comments for the version I downloaded Tuesday:
Outline:
suggest under heading which is Liquid Argon Test stand -> Change to Test stands. Make SLAC Liquid nitrogen test stand and SLAC Ar test stand subheadings and then MSU liquid nitrogen stands
Under DR8 sample production, make subheadings Designs, lamination, samples
Remove single subheading “Temperature measurement uncertainties”
I didn’t understand “bootstrapping and Time constraints” need a better subheading or just remove subheadings (can also omit Long term results subheadihg)
p3 ’disordered system” is mentioned but could use a brief summary or reference for what that is?
p3 “Will be characterized in the following sections (better to state them or “will be characterized in this paper”
p4 May be nice to add subsections to the intro paragraph?
p5 DR8sample — is all one word, get a space?
p6 mention of SLAC secondary system--- suggest just to label it as the LN2 stand (no need to have primary nor secondary?)
p7 There’s a single sentence paragraph “Both voltage and current…” move this to previous paragraph?
p7 Single sentence paragraph - “The return path is completed…” can also move to previous paragraph?
p7 Section 2.2.1 is nicely written, but “wider aspect ratio” is not clear what that means?
p8 There’s a “Francois” floating in space-- remove that text fragment?
p8 text  2.3 could be moved earlier, and would be useful in the introduction
p9 Move “Francois should we…” text to a todo
p9 At this point I felt we need an intro to methodology that doesn’t start with the test stands but frames the paper (may be also in introduction) and reorder the sections in outline -> Introduce design then the test stands then production?
p9 “corresponds to the baseline” - I found the use of baseline to not be so clear-- maybe “full coverage” design and zebra design. 
p9 ladder design is not shown/mentioned later, right? so omit here?
p10 Measurement plan is an  empty section-- maybe remove and then have an intro paragraph before measurements to frame it?
p10 Oof experimental operation was hard to read without knowing what measurements were planned.  We need to rework the operation section once we know where it sits in the outline — and what key items need to be brought forward to the reader. (It may go well in the test stand section, if the test stand section is after the design is introduced and what tests are planned
+1 to stability being merged with operation section
p12 remove “fill in later” caps and turn into a comment?
p12 We begin our scan — I woiuld prefer past tense, began? and needs fixing for next paragraph on p13 “we continue the 2nd ramp” -> past tense
p13 LAIR 2 is not defined-- refernece which test stand?
p14 remove comment “Zach thjis is an old plot, not from the time period I gave you”
<short break>

p15 “we need a LAr ” -> assume? Need to to decide what we want said here? and then rework text to align to that (individual sentences OK, just hard to see conclusion, or conclusion can be simpler w/o details)
p16 “We will almost do this” -> “We include an additional fit parameter…”
p17 “This was achieved to do a degree ” -> This was achieved to a degree”
p17 period after mega ohms
p18 Instead of “contact overlap” as a section heading, which felt jargony maybe “Dependance on contact size” and define it in the section?
p19 caption figure 12 “in the range of ” ends with a quotation mark which is solo-- remove?
p19 make todo note “Zach please check this number”
p19 remove “using we began to notice the fits with the above model were worse and worse”
p20 change to todo - “Zach - I’m not sure..”
p20 I did not understand p19 section 3.5… can we clarify purpose/main point?
p20 I also struggled with 3.5.1 can we clarify purpose/main point?
p20- remove “do you want numbers here” and todo “Zach maybe here..”
p21 - did not get a clear result out of this section for long term results-- clarify main conclusion and put that first/simpler?
p21 remove “use in DUNE near detctor” fragment
p21 remove “operating conditions at DUNE ND”
p21 remove “Thus from a longevity pointof view, our measurement ..”
Once we get a single clear statement from subsections, we can write the summary I hope?
THANK YOU FOR ALL YOU ARE DOING!


